Silx compare doc (#3884)
silx-kit/silx: doc/source/applications/compare.rst

.. _silx compare:

silx compare
============

Purpose
-------

> The *silx compare* command is provided to compare 2D data from files
> in a graphical user interface.

Reviewer: passive to active voice:
```suggestion
The *silx compare* command provides a graphical user interface to compare 2D data from files.
```

> A list of datasets is displayed, and allow to open multiple datasets.
> This list can be updated with drag and drop from silx view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It displays a list of datasets, and allows to open multiple datasets.
This list can be updated with drag and drop from silx view.
```
